
abstract:

the current start may put us in trouble, experts may argue that the energy saving increase
in large datacenter, it is mainly unrelated to the datacenter management layer, but mostly with the advancements on the
hardware architecture and data-center design (free-cooling and similar techniques)

I actually recall we spoke about energy budget to generalize the thing. by pushing only on the renewable issue,
rather than generalizing, you undermine your own work, which is a pity. also, we well know that unless you have two separate
lines one green and one brown the all discussion is purely academic. which may risk to put our paper in a weak position

also we should stress that we show how paas and haas relates, and how their combined management - thanks to the knowledge of relation between vm / containers - can
improve energy saving guaranteeing a certain qos tradeoff.

in the end with a bit of better selling here and there,  this can be fixed without too much rework


introduction ->
the greet opportunities are not about the centralization and standardization of the scalability of layers, but about the knowledge and control (with more or
less automation) of the application architecture and behavior

i am not sure what you mean by “standardize" - which may be misunderstood by reader thinking to real standards

reading the intro it seems that we focus on SFA, I would present better:

1 -> we want to improve optimization of energy budget usage by applications
2 -> modern applications are hosted in paas+iaas architectures, this provides, without too much efforts,
       interesting insights on how the application is structure and responds to SLA requirements
3 -> if we “relax” sla making them flexible according to a dynamic energy budget, thanks to paas + iaas
       optimization techniques, we can easily achieve a defined SFA by works on paas layer
      (reduce/increase workers for a given tier) and iaas layer (consolidate workers to free servers taking
       into account application architecture).



sfa->

the section looks sound, some minor remarks

"while giving more that a threshold will not have
any perceptible impact on the end user.”

i suspect something is missing, “than that threshold”?

what you mean by “default power consumption” is this a threshold, or this a value you measured for that working mode?
-> clarify

RecoBP
-> can we find a better name? we use only positive and negative deviation for the other elements (i.e. we do not say positive deviation from the recommended BP)
can this be just “reference value” , “threshold” or something similar?

not really important but if you have some idea on how to adjust it will not harm

paas - iaas

i would call this section “relation” rather than collaboration

i think we need a bit of reordering (before discussing about information exchange,
let’s present the context):
1 - paas control resources offered by iaas to deploy applications
2 - paas provides knowledge on the architecture of application
     and how given SLA can be achieved by playing with layers scaling up and down
->
3 - you can achieve better performance by “consolidating” VMs of the same application
4 - you can reduce usage of VMs (and hence energy consumption) for a given
     application by scaling up and down a given tier. if tiers are distributed “cleverly”
    across servers you get: i) ha of the application; ii) reduced cost to consolidate (you turn
    off instances on “secondary server” without need of “reconsolidating” apps)

maybe a figure may be of help to visualized the concept.


In PaaS, application execution VMs are containers. That

-> In some PaaS frameworks, application workers are hosted in containers (i.e. …)
    a single VM may contain more than a worker.

all this part reads so so, hard to understand, I suggest to simplify the sentences,
and explain what is a container shortly and do not mismatch VMs = containers
as it seems to read in some parts.


"The SFA is used in the communication between an
application and the underlying PaaS framework (while the
SLA, on the contrary, is used for the communication between
the data centre and its clients), as shown in figure ??.”

which figure? sla is not mentioned in any figure.

i think we need to provide a full figure showing who controls who (where is the iaas? why we put
cloudfoundry in the picture if this was never mentioned before?)

related works

"[3] proposes a co-design of IaaS and PaaS layers for
energy optimization in the cloud. The paper outlines the
design of interfaces to enable cross-layer cooperation in
clouds. This position paper claims that significant energy
gains could be obtained by creating a cooperation API
between the IaaS layer and the PaaS layer. Authors discuss
two complementary approaches for establishing such
cooperation: cross-layer information sharing, and cross-layer
coordination.”

somehow, this is clearly the paper closer to what we do,
so it is important to highlights in a fair way similarity and differences.

conclusion ->
is not just the paas is the combination of paas and iaas



better title? the current title is a bit obscure to me!


combining paas and iaas layer optimization to flexibly adapt applications to dynamic energy budget?
